All right here we go Here we go for the last step.
The final step of the training where we have to compute the loss over the two whole batches of inputs
and targets that we just gathered in the previous step.
And now what we're about to do well make sure to remember this each time you are training a deep learning
model or a deep reinforcement learning moral.
We're going to use this amazing tool by the model class from the curiousest library which is the train
on batch function.
And why is this an amazing function that's because it allows to perform the most powerful version of
great in the sense which is many but great in the sense combining stochastic great in the sense and
Bache learning that is we're going to apply things to our at an optimizer stochastic great in the sense
but not on single rows of observations but on batches of observations and the batches of observations
will be of course well the two batches.
We gather here in the previous step to make sure to check out the book.
I explain all this in the first.
And it's at the end of the book about artificial neural networks.
So make sure to find many Bache great in the sense and the function we're about to use will allow us
to perform that.
Exactly.
All right let's do this as I just told you it is a method from the moral class pre-build and defined
by Karris.
So since we already created our model object well to use this train on Bachche method Well we only need
to take our model object from which we're going to call this train on batch method which it's important
to understand is a method of this model class.
So let's do this.
I'm going to go back to training.
And so we're going to get our model from which we're going to go the train on Bache method.
And now this training method you can guess which arguments it is expecting.
It's of course the two batches of inputs and the toilets which we exactly gather in the step.
So since we called them input and toilet.
Well in fact that's exactly what we need to enter here so I'm copying this and pasting that inside.
All right.
And now this will perform the training on our batches of inputs and target.
So it will basically do everything you know it will for propagate inputs inside our brain.
You know our neural network then it will get the predictions it will compare the predictions to the
target.
Then the last area between the inputs and the targets will be incurred.
And then this last will be back propagated into the neural network to which many Bachche great innocent
will be performed.
Thanks to our Adam optimizer because indeed we can Baude also the model with our atom optimizer and
with an MSCE Plus which is the main square.
All right so everything will happen automatically.
And that's the beauty of this train on Bachche method.
All right.
Perfect.
But then that's not all.
This train on Bache method will not only do this but also it will return something.
Can you guess what it's going to return.
Well of course it's going to return the last the last error and since right now we are dealing with
a specific time step and we want to get the overall US over all the time steps of that specific epoch.
You know we want to get the total last over the whole epoch.
Well what I'm going to do now is take the last which we already introduced and initialized here initialized
to zero.
So I'm going to say that last and I'm going to increment it by the last returned at this specific time
here that we're dealing with this one.
And so over the time steps you know over the whole book.
Well the loss will be incremented each time.
Thanks to the result of this training batch method.
All right so pretty amazing and powerful method is because it does everything dramatically for you and
powerful because it applies the most powerful version of In percent which once again is mineable great
isn't.
All right.
So that's a great thing done.
And now we have to you know finish this while loop correctly.
Indeed since we did a while loop Well you know the looping Vargo which is times that is not incremented
dramatically.
So we have to increment it ourselves and to do this well simply here we will just increment it by one.
All right.
And then one final thing to do before this loop is ended correctly.
Can you guess what it is.
It's very important not to forget it.
It's about of course the current state because indeed we initialize the current state here by calling
the observed method from our environment.
But then at no time have we ever updated current state.
And so this is the time now that we have to get it right.
Otherwise that wouldn't make sense.
This current state will always be the same and so can you guess how we're going to update our current
state.
Well very simply since we actually reached the next date well that means that we've also already reached
the next timestep and therefore the next day here is nothing else than our new current state.
And so the current state that was initialized here.
Well we'll become inside the while loop the next state that we've just reached and here we go.
Now we are really in the new timestep and we did everything correctly because in our current state has
become that next state and perfect.
That's the end of the whole training.
Congratulations.
The hard part is done now.
We're going to end this beautifully by printing you know the turning result for each book.
So we'll just do some prints and then of course we will do something very important which is saving
them all.
I will teach you how to do this which will allow us to save the weight of the model so that we can later
on load them any time without having to train the model again.
So that's really useful.
And not only That's really useful.
You will see that it's something very easy to do.
And once again thanks to Chris.
All right so let's do all this in the next tutorial I can't wait to see how the training is going to
go.
And until then enjoy a.